# Islandora IR Interest Group
## April 24, 2017, 1:00 - 2:00 PM EST ([Join Skype](https://join.skype.com/s7ntDOmjhbjT))

## Agenda
* Introduction any new members
* Call for notetakers?
* Release update: s'all good
* Islandoracon planning:
  * Who's going to Islandoracon?
  * Who's going to the Hackfest?
    * CLAW IR specfest
    * Determining + prioritizing required features for CLAW IR
    * Any suggestions for how to run this?
    * Billed as "Scholar for CLAW" but this could be problematic. What should we call it?
  * Who's going to the Scholar workshop? (vs "Querying and SPARQL Update" w/ Jared Whiklo)
    * Call for volunteers to talk about their IR setup
  * Who's going to the post-conference IRIG meeting?
* Islandoracon Hackfest planning
* Next meeting agenda: Islandoracon outcomes for those left behind (May 22, Monday after Islandoracon)

## Attendees
* Bryan Brown :chicken: :pencil2:
* Devin Soper
* Keila Zayas Ruiz
* Don Richards
* Melissa Anez
* John O'Connor
* Brandon Weigel
* Wilhelmina Randtke
* Gail Lewis

## Notes
* New time Last Wed of the month at 1pm
* New to call:
 * Wilhemina Randtke
 * Gail Lewis
* Everything is on track for the 1.9 release on April 28
* Who is going to Islandoracon?
 * Devin
 * Wilhemina
 * Keila
 * Melissa
* Hackfest specification
 * How do we feel about the name "Scholar" for CLAW or should it be IR for CLAW?
	 * Devin Keep for consistency Islandora Scholar
		* Some confusion with the term "scholar" because of entities
  * Do we want to keep one thing as a single solution or break out into multiple solutions?
  * It was suggested that embargoes to be a separate module
		* It was suggested to group of thesis & dissertation as a single content model.
  * Scholar as a large all-encompassing solution or break it into the individual parts? The IR should be it's own standalone thing?
  * Wilhemina asked if Bryan speak with Florida Institutional library group?
		* It should be noted that a one size fits all is an issue when mixing IRs and digital collections.
  * Should the CLAW version be a one module requires all of the component parts?
  * It was generally a "Yes" from the group	
 * How much of a hurdle is entities?
  * The name is confusing and using the displayForm element for linking to people is frustrating. Ticket in to make displayForm configurable. 
 * Scholar workshop on Monday of the Hackfest. Request for volunteers Thursday’s “Islandora Scholar workshop” at 3pm [conference2017/islandoracon-workshops](http://islandora.ca/camps/conference2017/islandoracon-workshops)
* Post conference on Friday 1:30-3:30 IR interest group
* Both CLAW meetings are one long talk just broken up.
* IR meetup is 1:30-3:30, then we could talk to CLAW folks from 3:30-5
* Next meeting Topic: __Share what came out of Islandoracon 2017__


## Next Meeting
* May 22, 2017 - 1pm EST
* Chair: Bryan Brown
* Note Taker: ???
